Quick Start

Welcome to KlingAI API Platform. For your quick integration with our API services, this guide gives you a comprehensive overview of the essential features, including ordering resource packages, managing your API Keys, testing, addressing usage queries and business queries. If you encounter any issues while using the API platform, please feel free to contact us at any time.
Step 1: KlingAI API Platform

KlingAI API Platform：https://klingai.com/global/dev

Video Generation Model：https://klingai.com/global/dev/model/video

Image Generation Model：https://klingai.com/global/dev/model/image

Intelligent Scenarios：https://klingai.com/global/dev/model/tryon

Step 2: Resource Packages Purchasing

The three API resource packages: Video generation packages, Image generation packages, and Virtual try-on packages are fully available. You can choose packages based on your needs. Additionally, we also offer a “Trial Resource Package” for joint debugging and testing. For more details, please visit the ordering page.

Video Generation API Purchase Portal：https://klingai.com/global/dev/model/video

Image Generation API Purchase Portal：https://klingai.com/global/dev/model/image

Virtual Try-On API Purchase Portal：https://klingai.com/global/dev/model/tryon
Select a resource package, and place your order
Quick Note: The concurrency limit (the number of videos or images that can be generated simultaneously) for the basic resource package does not increase with additional purchases. To optimize your usage and prevent any wastage, we encourage you to click to apply for a Customized Resource Package and contact us if you have large-scale purchases or high concurrency needs. Our dedicated team is here to provide you with tailored services.

Enter the payment page
Quick Note: Payments can be made through Credit Card for your purchases.

After Payment
Quick Note: After the payment is successful, click the console in the upper right corner of the purchase page for consumption query, order management, resource pack management and key management.
Step 3: Get API Keys

You can generate an Access Key for your Kling AI API platform account. When calling the API, the “Access Key ID” and the “Access Key Secret” are used for authentication; they are the only credentials for accessing the API and triggering billing, so please keep them secure. The platform provides functionalities to enable, disable, and delete your Access Keys.

    Access Key includes: Access Key ID & Access Key Secret;

        Access Key ID: the ID is used to identify the user;
        Access Key Secret: The secret is used to verify the user. ,Access Key Secret is your important identifier. Please keep it secure and do not disclose it to anyone else.

A key is generated by default, including the Access Key ID and Access Key Secret.

Click “Create New Key” to generate a second Access Key ID and Access Key Secret.
Quick Note: If your Access Key is leaked or lost, you'll need to create a new one. Each user can have a maximum of 2 Access Keys at the same time. Both keys share the API resource packages associated with the account, including usage limits and concurrency limits.

Step 4: API Services

Go to the document center and refer to the detailed API Calls explanation to perform API calls.

    「Kling AI」API Overview：「Kling AI」API
    「Kling AI」API Documentation：「Kling AI」API Documentation

The billing methods vary for different interfaces/models; please refer to the 【Quick Note】at the bottom of the purchase page for details.
Step 5: Consumption Query

Check your resource package usage in「Console - Data Center - Consumption Query」.

Step 6: Resource Package and Order Management
Resource Package

Check your resource package information in「Console-Data Center-Resource Package Management」.

Order Management

Check your order information in「Console-Data Center-OrderManagement」.

